#1] Logical correctness : Left appeals on a personal level. Micro approach.
			  Ex: calls on sympathy and benevolent characteristics
				- the world is a family
				- equal rights -> appeal to help the downtrodden
			  Right appeals to the collective mind. Macro approach.
			  Ex: 


Letter to Minna
* Reason for letter : texting a long message seems rude and impulsive. Calling 
  may make it intimidating. 

* Reason I'm communicating this : I know you want to talk to me and so have I 
  wanted to talk to you. It feels like being trapped in an emotional stalemate in a
  forever limbo. I want to ask you if we could both just start over.

* I still feel very much close to you and I am guilty of stalking your facebook feed 
  and not 'like' your public posts despite vociferously reading through all of them . 
  
  Every. 
  
  single.
  
  day. 
  
  you are on my mind without fail. 

  You may not be the most perfect person in the world or even the most 'beautiful'
  girl in the eyes of the world, but for me, you have been much more than superficial 
  labels.

* I may have been a naive little boy when I first met you but since then I have 
  learned so much. Even during the days that I didn't talk to you (like today) I have gained 
  perspective and reason just by thinking about you. Even the aching from the space 
  inside me becomes much more tolerable and strangely cathartic as my thoughts find 
  solace in your memories.

* The reason I want us to start over is because I don't want it to end like this. This 
  was too abrupt and unnatural. Also I felt this was the only way to escape the 
  emotionally convoluted limbo that we find ourselves in. Next time when
  I wish you birthday I want to say it directly into your eyes and not hide behind
  some email hoping for the love of god that you will like my best ever rendition of a
  person till date.  Instead of texting away our lives only to let it all go down the 
  drain due to one bad day or one bad misunderstanding I want to be real actual friends 
  with you. I want to avoid times where one bad day, sensing over text that 
  you are drifting away from me, resort to tell you that I am in love with you to make 
  sure you don't drift any further apart, but instead resulting in further drifting and 
  finally ending up in limbo which is this uncomfortable place we are now. Instead, I 
  want you to laugh the hardest because of me and if by any chance I make you cry I want
  you to make me cry even harder with a with a knockout punch and still be the best 
  buddies at the end of the day. I want to say that I love you with all my heart and 
  still not make it look awkward. I want to talk to you about everything and everything 
  that I missed to say to you during all the days that we didn't talk. I want to hear you
  talk about all that you wanted to say to me, from feminism to socialism or how you are
  afraid of chicken and how we can use capitalism to deep fry all the chickens in the 
  world, all in that high pitched sugary voice of yours that will one day give me diabetes
  which I will accept without batting an eyelid and still gleefully not stop listening 
  you speak...

* As a footnote I want to add that losing 3 phones this year to the mysterious elements 
  of the existential plane has made me realise that gradually everything will indeed come
  to an end and there will once come a time when one should move on. This realisation has 
  led me to very much appreciate the value of the little time I have left in this world 
  and of everything this world holds however fleeting it may be.

* I think I should probably get a new SIM card tomorrow.